[WIP] Clarify how to capture logs from tests (#4252)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/testing/write-your-first-test.md

- With the returned environment variables, the test asserts that the `webfrontend` resource has an HTTPS environment variable that resolves to the `apiservice` resource.

## Capture logs from tests

When writing tests for your Aspire solutions, you might want to capture and view logs to help with debugging and monitoring test execution. The `DistributedApplicationTestingBuilder` provides access to the service collection, allowing you to configure logging for your test scenarios.

### Configure logging providers

To capture logs from your tests, use the `AddLogging` method on the `builder.Services` to configure logging providers specific to your testing framework:

:::zone pivot="xunit"

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/testing/xunit/AspireApp.Tests/LoggingTest.cs":::

:::zone-end
:::zone pivot="mstest"

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/testing/mstest/AspireApp.Tests/LoggingTest.cs":::

:::zone-end
:::zone pivot="nunit"

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/testing/nunit/AspireApp.Tests/LoggingTest.cs":::

:::zone-end

### Configure log filters

> Since the _appsettings.json_ configuration from your application under test isn't automatically replicated in test projects, you need to explicitly configure log filters. This is important to avoid excessive logging from infrastructure components that might overwhelm your test output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the _appsettings.json_ configuration from your application isn't automatically replicated in test projects, you need to explicitly configure log filters. This is important to avoid excessive logging from infrastructure components that might overwhelm your test output. The following snippet explicitly configures log filters:
```

Finally, when using the `DistributedApplicationTestingBuilder` all resource logs are redirected to the `DistributedApplication` by default. The redirection of resource logs enables scenarios where you want to assert that a resource is logging correctly.

## Capture logs from tests

> When writing tests for your .NET Aspire applications, you might want to capture and view logs to help with debugging and monitoring test execution. The `DistributedApplicationTestingBuilder` provides access to the service collection, allowing you to configure logging for your test scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When writing tests for your Aspire solutions, you might want to capture and view logs to help with debugging and monitoring test execution. The `DistributedApplicationTestingBuilder` provides access to the service collection, allowing you to configure logging for your test scenarios.
```
